feat(native): honor `http_proxy` environment variables (#12424)
getsentry/sentry-docs: docs/platforms/native/configuration/transports.mdx

/* ... */
```

You can also enable reading the `https_proxy`/`http_proxy` environment variable by setting the following option:
```c
sentry_options_t *options = sentry_options_new();
sentry_options_set_read_proxy_from_environment(options, true);
sentry_init(options);

/* ... */
```
Once this is set to true, any manually set proxy value will be ignored if a value exists in either the `https_proxy` or `http_proxy` environment variables. These get read in this order, so `https_proxy` has precedence over `http_proxy`.

### Proxy behavior

> We support `HTTP` proxies on all platforms, and `SOCKS5` proxies on Linux and macOS. Depending on the platform, the default transport provides a fallback in case the proxy is not reachabled. The following table shows the expected behaviour.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
We support `HTTP` proxies on all platforms, and `SOCKS5` proxies on Linux and macOS. Depending on the platform, the default transport provides a fallback in case the proxy is not reachable. The following table shows the expected behavior:
```

/* ... */
```

### Proxy behavior

We support `HTTP` proxies on all platforms, and `SOCKS5` proxies on Linux and macOS. On Windows, `https` proxy servers are not supported by the default transport (WinHTTP). The proxy may also contain authentication (`"http://user:password@my.proxy:8080"`) or be written in IPv6 format (`"http://[::1]:8080"`).

> Depending on the [DSN](https://docs.sentry.io/concepts/key-terms/dsn-explainer/) protocol (`https` for Sentry projects), the matching `http(s)_proxy` environment variable is read. To disable this, use the `sentry_options_set_proxy(options, "")` function with an empty proxy string argument.

Author: Maybe it's nicer if the code snippet is not inline

Reviewer 2: > Maybe it's nicer if the code snippet is not inline

Agreed. I would also reframe the paragraph to highlight that we read the environment variable first and defaulting behavior second, something like the following:

```suggestion
The SDK will always automatically configure the HTTP proxy if a corresponding environment variable is set. Depending on the [DSN](https://docs.sentry.io/concepts/key-terms/dsn-explainer/) protocol, the matching `http(s)_proxy` environment variable is read, meaning you must set the `https_proxy` variable for a usual Sentry-hosted `DSN`.

If you do not want the SDK to configure the HTTP proxy from the environment variables automatically, use the `sentry_options_set_proxy(options, "")` function with an empty proxy string argument.
```
